Add note about special case for Synthetic Test SLO (#8504)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/service_level_objectives/monitor.md

This can result in the overall status being lower than the average of the individual statuses.

### Exceptions for Synthetic Tests

> In certain cases there is an exception to the status calculation for monitor-based SLOs that are comprised of one grouped Synthetic Test. Synthetic Tests have special alerting conditions that will change the behavior of when the test will enter the ALERT state. These conditions include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain cases, there is an exception to the status calculation for monitor-based SLOs that are comprised of one grouped Synthetic test. Synthetic tests have optional special alerting conditions that will change the behavior of when the test will enter the ALERT state and consequently impact the overall uptime:
```

> In certain cases, there is an exception to the status calculation for monitor-based SLOs that are comprised of one grouped Synthetic test. Synthetic tests have optional special alerting conditions that will change the behavior of when the test will enter the ALERT state and consequently impact the overall uptime:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In certain cases, there is an exception to the status calculation for monitor-based SLOs that are comprised of one grouped Synthetic test. Synthetic tests have optional special alerting conditions that change the behavior of when the test enters the ALERT state and consequently impact the overall uptime:
```

- Wait until the groups are failing for a specified number of minutes (default: 0)
- Wait until a specified number of the groups are failing (default: 1)
- Retry a specified number of times before a location's test is considered a failure (default: 0)

{{< img src="monitors/service_level_objectives/synthetic_alert_conditions.png" alt="synthetic test alert conditions"  >}}

> 

Reviewer: We could add a doc link to https://docs.datadoghq.com/synthetics/api_tests/?tab=httptest#alert-conditions

> By changing these any of these conditions to something other than their defaults, the overall status for a monitor-based SLO using just that one Synthetic Test will appear to be better than the aggregated statuses of the Synthetic Test's individual groups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By changing any of these conditions to something other than their defaults, the overall status for a monitor-based SLO using just that one Synthetic test could appear to be better than the aggregated statuses of the Synthetic test's individual groups. 
```
